fix: add Raspberry Pi required step (#703)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: faq.md

    nmcli con add type dummy con-name fake ifname fake0 ip4 1.2.3.4/24 gw4 1.2.3.1
    ```

> 3. Skip this step unless you have a Raspberry Pi; install extra Linux kernel modules for networking:

Reviewer: Let's avoid the double negative, and be more specific -- this applies to Ubuntu (and possibly Raspbian), but e.g. not Fedora. How about
```suggestion
3. If you run Ubuntu arm64 (e.g. on a Raspberry Pi), install extra Linux kernel modules for networking:
```

Also, this step must move to 2 -- you need the kmods *before* creating a dummy net device (current step 2).

Author: I agree about the double negative and better verbiage.
I had made the changes in that order originally and the reboot makes the effect the same, but I agree it couldn't hurt to move it earlier.
Thanks for your review, I'll incorporate or submit another PR if I can't figure it out here. :)
